ARTS RESEARCH START-UP FUND
CALL FOR APPLICATIONS

OVERVIEW

The Faculty of Arts is providing start-up funds to assist faculty with the establishment of research and 
scholarship activities.  This initiative is aligned with the Faculty’s commitment to supporting opportunities
for research and scholarship activities as identified in the Academic Plan. The primary focus of the Arts Research 
Start-up Fund is to support faculty to engage students in research and scholarship. Funds are to be used to employ
students as research assistants in faculty-led research and scholarship activity at an early stage (e.g. research
and data collection phase rather than conference travel). The maximum amount of each award is $500.  
The Dean’s Office will administer the funds over two application cycles per year. The deadline for 2013 is November
15. Deadlines for 2014 are March 15 and November 15. Applications will be considered by a Selection Committee
consisting of one member of the Dean's Office and two faculty members from the Arts Standing Committee on Research
and Scholarship. It is anticipated these funds will be available over the course of the next two years, depending
on the number of applications received each round.

APPLICATION AND AWARD DETAILS

Applications will consist of:
•	the title of the research/scholarship project
•	the date(s) of the project
•	an overall project budget, including an indication of any other sources of revenue, the specific amount
requested through this application, and the purpose(s) to which the monies requested will be directed
•	a brief description of the project that includes the following (maximum length 250 words):
o	a statement of purpose
o	main elements and objectives of the project
o	the benefits of the project to students, faculty, and the university community.

A brief final report must be submitted at the conclusion of the research/scholarship project, no more than one 
year after the award notification.  The final report must specify the project outcomes (e.g. publications,
presentation at a regional, national, or international conference; art installation, music performance, etc.) and 
any remaining work or next steps.  The length of the final report should be approximately 250 words. 
SEND COMPLETED APPLICATIONS TO: arts@kpu.ca, with the subject line ‘Arts Research Start-up Fund Competition’.
Note:  All aspects of the awarding of Arts Research Start-up Fund, from the composition of the Selection Committee
to the amount of monies conferred, will be reviewed in December 2014.

FURTHER CONDITIONS

No faculty member many receive more than one award in any twelve month period.

ARTS RESEARCH START-UP FUND APPILCATION

Deadline for submission is November 15, 2013

Completed applications (and any additional required documentation) should be submitted electronically to 
arts@kpu.ca with the subject line ‘Arts Research Start-up Fund Competition’.

Name of Applicant:  Ross Laird, KPU Faculty

Department or Program Affiliation(s):  Interdisciplinary Expressive Arts Program (IDEA), Faculty of Arts

Email Address:  ross@rosslaird.com

Title of Project:

Amount of Award Requested:  $ 500.00

Total Project Budget (including Other Sources): $

Project Dates :  Spring 2014 Semester, January thru end of April

Project Description (150-250 words total):

1. A brief statement of the purpose of your research/scholarship project (this description should be approximately 50 words and suitable for public communication if your application is successful);



2. The main elements (including outcomes and methodologies as relevant) of the project (50-100 words);
The study will consist of 







3. The benefits of the project to Arts students (including the learning outcomes this opportunity will provide for students), faculty, and the university community (50-100 words).



Budget

Overall Project Budget, including a breakdown of the duties/tasks and hours associated with the tasks supported by this award. The recommended hourly rate for current student research assistants is $13 per hour.





Note: The awarded funds must be spent within one calendar year of award notification.
