 
APPLICATION FORM
Please indicate which group you belong to:
  X ⃝ Faculty   (Ross Laird, KPU Faculty)
  X ⃝ Department  (IDEA Program at KPU)

Please indicate what you are applying for:
  ⃝ Coca-Cola funding
  ⃝ Events Sponsorship support*
  X ⃝ Both (Please consider this application for both types of funding opportunities) 


GROUP: The name of the Faculty/Department/Student Group.

  Interdisciplinary Expressive Arts (IDEA) Program at Kwantlen Polytechnic University


MEMBERS & ROLES: The names and contact information of all the members of the Faculty/Department/Student Group 
involved in the event and defined roles.
 
  Robert (Bob) Walker – IDEA Program Work/Study Student
  (778) 829-2621
  rgwkpu@gmail.com  or  robert.walker1@kwantlen.net 

  Ross Laird – KPU Faculty, IDEA Program
  (604)
  ross@rosslaird.com


NAME: The name of the event.

  IDEA Evening of Illumination at KPU

SPF NUMBER: Please provide the Special Purpose Fund number, or account number, that identifies the account where
funding can be transferred to for this event.

  Unable to complete this section (I will have to find out)


DATES: Proposed dates of the event.
  December 9, 2013 – 5 pm to 10 pm 
  Held in the KPU Conference Centre (space has been booked and confirmed)

HISTORY: Is this an annual event or a one-time event? Please provide all related historical information.

  The IDEA Evening of Illumination has been an annual event of the IDEA Program since ????.  
  (INPUT REQUIRED - NEED SOME HELP HERE)

AUDIENCE: What is the audience profile of the event? How many people are expected to attend?
  Open Event to ALL !! 

  – IDEA Program Students, All KPU Students/Faculty, Community and General Public

  In past years the event has attracted people from these areas and representing the diverse culture of Kwantlen
  and the Surrey community.  


DESCRIPTION: Describe the event by including the event’s main elements, objectives and all relevant information.

  This celebration will focus on the tasks of finding illumination in the heart of winter. How do we discover creativity,
  mindfulness, embodiment, and purposeful activity in the season of shadows? What tasks are required of each of us,
  so that we find illumination and renewal in ourselves and our communities? How can we explore this together, in the 
  spirit of play, fun, and devotion?

  In the darkness of winter we find ways to look within, to reflect on our experiences, and to explore our hopes for the 
  coming days of greater light. At this event we have the opportunity to rediscover and co-create this ancient ritual.
  Drawing on various traditions -- mindfulness meditation, creative expression, rhythm, music, and other modalities -- we
  will cultivate a space for reflection, for inner transformation, for connecting with the body and the breath, 
  for nurturing hope, for building community. We will create our own illuminations.

  Please join us for an evening of creativity, play, movement, music and meditation.


TIMELINE: Please provide a timeline of the activities that need to take place with key dates and milestones.

  1)	Secure funding to begin producing advertising materials                           -   ASAP
  2)	Advertising designed and sent for printing                                       -  By November 1
  3)	Advertising campaign begins                                                      -  Early November
     (This date is dependent on the advertising schedule – an earlier date would
     Be better for longer exposure)
  4)	Purchase art supplies and other items required for evening activities               -  By December 1



COMMUNICATIONS: How do you intend to market your event?   

  1)	We would like to have a banner ad on the www.kwantlen.ca homepage 
  2)	Posters made to post around KPU and the general community
  3)	Word of mouth through students of IDEA courses at KPU, inviting friends and family who may not be aware of what
      IDEA courses can offer.



IMPACT & BENEFIT: Please articulate the benefits to the students and University community. How does your event align with the vision and commitments of the institution? 


This event highlights the core values of Kwantlen and of the IDEA Program by furthering the participants’ personal
ideas of exploration, excellence and integrity and community.

IDEA also integrates the core values: self-awareness, empathy, and character. Self-awareness is what we know — about
ourselves, our interests, our capacities. Empathy is what we feel — toward others, toward the state of our world,
toward nature. Character is what we do with our self-awareness and our empathy. Awareness, emotion, behavior. Or, to 
put it another way: being, feeling, doing.  This event also supports KPU student participants with the idea that all 
disciplines are one discipline and by knowing ourselves we are able to view our academic pursuits in an 
interdisciplinary light.

The IDEA Evening of Illumination comes at this notion of interdisciplinarity in terms of a skill set. Thinking and 
acting in an interdisciplinary way is really a matter of looking at the process of learning. Instead of focusing on 
the “content” we might ask questions about how we identify, interpret, create, and communicate this content. These are
process questions.  This event offer the opportunity for students, faculty, and the community to meet on a level field
and explore ourselves and how we interact with each other at KPU, in our community and with the world.

It is by doing, together as a group that we come to understand and be open to ourselves as people and the views and 
perceptions of others.  This event fosters a transformative forum to come together as people to be aware of these
core value and embark on new friendships and personal growth.

As this event may be some KPU student’s first contact with the core values of Kwantlen and the IDEA program there 
may be residual benefits.  KPU students (or community members) may look  further into enrolling in IDEA courses at
Kwantlen as the event experience may enlighten them to the benefits of .......(NEED INPUT)


BUDGET: Provide your event budget. Please indicate the amount of sponsorship this event requires as well as how the
money will be spent. If this event includes a fee to participate please include the ticket price and the number of
tickets expected to sell.

  As the IDEA community at KPU is growing we would like to raise the awareness of IDEA Events and their useful
  place at KPU and in the community to foster the core ideas of both IDEA and KPU.  A sponsor such as Coca-Cola would 
  give IDEA events a higher profile and much needed funding to further these initiatives.

  The Evening of Illumination is free to attend, all supplies for the activities are provided by event organizers. 
  The KPU Conference Centre space is provided by the university.

 Budget for 2013 event:
  
1)	Art Supplies for event activities            -  $ 300.00
2)	Advertising                                  -  $ 500.00
3)	Administrative (Gas, and Misc.)            -   $ 200.00
4)	Snacks, Food Trays                           - $ 300.00

The event also includes a drumming segment, and if extra funding permitted we would purchase more drums and 
rhythm instrument to grow the event in future years, as well as use the drums in IDEA classroom sessions at KPU 
(multi-purpose expense)          - $ 1,000.00

Refreshments provided by Coca-Cola



FUNDING: Identify other sources from which funding has been or will be sought from and the appropriate amounts. 

  No other funding has be sought for this event this year or in the past.  


PAST FUNDING: If applicable, please describe all funding, or gifts in kind, that were successfully acquired for this
project in the past. 

  Past funding for this event has been either by donation or out-of-pocket expenditures by event organizers and
  participants.

  Due to these restraints the event has been unable to purchase other items (art supplies, extra drums, advertising, 
  etc.) to grow or offer opportunities to be able accommodate a larger participant engagement. 

PRODUCT: If you would like to provide Coca-Cola beverages (pop, juice, water) at your event, please indicate the
number of people you are requesting product for. 

  Approx 100  (Need INPUT)

  We would certainly like to offer Coca-Cola products (pop, juice, water) as well as any small snacking items to
  be enjoyed between activities and to promote participants to spend some time together during/after the event to
  meet new people and share their experience of the evening.


SPONSOR RECOGNITION: If you are applying for Coca-Cola funding, please indicate how you will recognize Coke at your
event (‘Sponsored by Coke’ pop-up banner is available to use at events).  

  We would recognize the Coca-Cola sponsorship in many ways.

  1)	Coca-Cola Banner displayed at the event
  2)	“Sponsored by Coke” would be included in all advertising and promotional materials (Ad on www.kwantlen.ca as
  well as printed poster materials around KPU and the community of Surrey)


RANKING:  If you are applying for Events Sponsorship support and your Faculty/Department is submitting more than one application please have the Dean/AVP rank this application in order of priority.

  This is the only application for these funds from the IDEA Program in 2013.




SIGNATURES:
Dean/AVP: 		Applicant:
		
Signature		Signature
		
Print Name		Print Name
		
Date		Date

Please Note: Incomplete applications will not be accepted. Applications MUST have signature of Dean or AVP.



Submitting your Application
Please submit an electronic AND a hard copy of the application. 
Electronic applications can be emailed to stephanie.connolly@kpu.ca
Please send a hard copy to the following:
Attention: Stephanie Connolly
Office of Advancement
Surrey campus, Main building, Room 206
