Application for Arts Special Purpose Funds 
October 15, 2013

Name(s) of Applicant or Applicant Group Members:
1)	Ross Laird
KPU Faculty, IDEA Program
(604) 
ross@rosslaird.com 

2)	Robert (Bob) Walker
IDEA Work/Study Student and KPU Anthropology Major
(778) 829-2621
rgwkpu@gmail.com or robert.walker1@kwantlen.net

Department or Program Affiliation(s):
Faculty of Arts, Interdisciplinary Expressive Arts (IDEA) Program
The IDEA program also collaborates with the Faculty of Design, through the IDEA Amazon Field School.  Further collaborations with the Faculty of Science and the Department of English are planned in upcoming IDEA program and course development initiatives encompassed in this application.

Who are we?:
Ross Laird - KPU Faculty, IDEA Program
	IDEA guru and all-around nice guy…..
(Need a little blurb here) (each named participant must attached a brief statement outlining the scope of their participation. These statements need to be sent with the complete application)
Robert (Bob) Walker - IDEA Work/Study Student and KPU Anthropology Major 
Bob returned to Kwantlen after many years in the workforce.  He attended his first IDEA course through the Amazon Field School in summer 2013 and immediately realized the benefits IDEA learning had on himself as a person and his academic pursuits.  Bob was hired in September 2013 as a single semester work/study student to assist Ross Laird in developing the IDEA program and credentials at KPU and to embark on a research study documenting first year students experience in IDEA courses.


Funding Category:
As the IDEA Program at KPU is not a recognize department and therefore has no operating budget, and requires a mix of ongoing initiatives to facilitate program growth and development, research studies and administrative costs this application serves to allocate available funds to promote more than one particular project. As the IDEA Program has no departmental budget to work from for developmental initiatives, funding such as the ASPF are imperative to it being able to do the needed work to provide and improve the program offerings and research opportunities for KPU students.

1)	D. Program Innovation & Expansion & C. Recruitment & Retention Initiatives
Title of Project/Proposal:
IDEA Program and Credential Development
(NEED Blurb for this and I’m stuck) post-baccalaureate proposal development as core initiative
Budget for D and C CATEGORY combined initiatives:   $2000.00

2)	B. Student Research & Scholarship
Title of Project/Proposal:     
IDEA 1100 Students:  Experiences and Perspectives on the IDEA Learning Model
This proposal consists of a research study conducted by Bob Walker, IDEA Work/Study Student.  The methodology will consist of 20 half-hour interviews with IDEA 1100 students, and will serve to assess and document their personal perspectives during and after their first experience with the IDEA model of learning.  The data collected will be used to assist Ross Laird and the IDEA Steering Committee to continue to develop IDEA courses and credentials at KPU.  
Funding is required to continue the employment of an IDEA Work/Student past the end of December 2013 to continue research initiatives and to compile data and compose written reports of the finding from the study.  
Budget for B CATEGORY initiative: $ 500.00 
This provides approx. 49 hours at a rate of $10.25 per hour and maximum of 15 hours per week as laid out in the Work/Study Student guidelines.   These funds assist to enable an IDEA/Work Study Student past the end of the Fall 2013 semester




Total Budget Requested from Arts SPF:
This application requests the maximum allowable amount of $2,500.00 for a single department or program.

This application encompasses the IDEA Program initiatives as outlined below; however the IDEA Program collaborates with other KPU Faculties (such as the Faculty of Design) and therefore the IDEA Program and course offerings are able to benefit to KPU students from many faculties and programs.  The use of these funds will directly benefit students in the IDEA courses, but as IDEA students come from all KPU Faculties and programs the benefits are holistic to KPU.

These funds will be used for the development of IDEA initiatives throughout the coming year.
(****** use-specific breakdown of the amount requested, and an indication of which items in the budget will be covered by SPF monies (applications without complete budgets will not be considered)
1) Continuing and Professional Education and Fee-Based Training Workshops (including Cost-Recovery 
2) Development of Research Study
3) Continuing Work/Study Student assistance
4)



Total Budget from other sources:
Funding for the IDEA event Evening of Illumination to be held on December 9th, 2013 have been applied for through the Coca-Cola Event Funds at KPU. These funds if approved are event specific and do not encompass the initiative of this application.
No other funding for further or new IDEA Program development have been received or applied for at the date of this application.  
Dates of the initiative:
As the IDEA program at KPU is growing, and building on the success of the first Amazon Field School in the Summer semester of 2013 the funding provided from this proposal will be used to further initiatives in program development in the following year commencing on the fund award date. A full report as to the allocation of funds and project successes will be provided after one year.
Project Description (750 words)
•	a description of the project that includes the following (maximum length 750 words): a statement of purpose; main elements and objectives of the initiative; overview of the benefits of the initiative to students, faculty, and the KPU community


1.	A brief statement of the purpose of your project or initiative (this description should be suitable for public communication if your application is successful);
2.	The main elements of the initiative (including outcomes and methodologies as relevant);
3.	The benefits of the initiative to Arts students, faculty, and the university community. Please include an indication of the preferred Arts event/date a Faculty-wide presentation about the initiative. Overall Initiative Budget, including a breakdown of the specific amounts requested and identification of the purpose(s) for which they will be used.





To get funds we need to theorize and articulate the following…..
academic plan and KPU’s strategic plan
contribute to faculty and student success
further our commitments to teaching excellence, research and scholarship, student retention, and community involvement.
and to position us on a path of fiscal sustainability

o	A. Teaching Innovation
This category will support proposals from faculty to experiment with new and innovative teaching methods, technologies, or ideas.
o	B. Student Research & Scholarship
Awards in this category will be given to support student research and scholarly endeavors such as research training, supplies, conference registration costs, or research stipends. Students assisting faculty in their scholarly work such as library research, editing, event organization, and lab coordination are also eligible.
o	C. Recruitment & Retention Initiatives
Based on an analysis of our current recruitment and retention activities, and informed by the institution-wide recommendations of the Foundations of Excellence program, this category provides for strategic funds to support student recruitment and retention (e.g. marketing of new degree programs, social media campaigns).
o	D. Program Innovation & Expansion
Awards in this category will include start-up funding for expenses associated with the development of proposals designed to generate revenue (e.g. cost-recovery post-grad certificate programs, continuing and professional education, fee-based training workshops).

Bob’s writing notes

 IDEA students come from a diverse background and programs at KPU, and have found IDEA courses as a beneficial and complementary addition to their traditional academic programs.

SEND COMPLETED APPLICATIONS TO: arts@kpu.ca, with the subject line ‘October 2013 SPF competition’.
